{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Michael Peterson\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Core\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 Linux, Bash, AWS, Vagrant, Terraform, Packer, Git, Ansible, Security, Cryptography\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Familiar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 Node, MySQL, PostgreSQL, JS, Perl, Ruby, Erlang, LAMP, Nginx, Drupal\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 OS\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 Ubuntu, Amazon Linux, OS X, CentOS, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, Solaris\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 AWS\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 API Gateway, ACM, CloudFront, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, CodeDeploy, DynamoDB, EC2, EFS, ELB, IAM, Lambda, RDS, Route 53, SES, SNS, SQS, S3, VPC\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Certifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 AWS Certified Developer - Associate\line AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.certmetrics.com/amazon/public/transcript.aspx?transcript=T4361X112NQEQ9GY"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Certification Transcript
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2013-2017\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Infrastructure Engineer}; Gateway Church (Southlake, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lead engineer responsible for diverse back-end systems. Responsible for all the bits nobody noticed unless they broke. Implemented cost-saving migrations from bare-metal VPS to AWS S3, EC2, Lambda. Responsible for Drupal system maintenance, PCI-DSS compliance, fault-tolerant system design.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2010-2013\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Owner}; Michael W Peterson, Sole Proprietor (Irving, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Operated consulting business providing system design, compliance audit preparation, and ongoing server maintenance for clients.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2009-2010\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Programmer}; Genares Worldwide Reservation Systems (Irving, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Designed and implemented PCI-DSS compliant encryption system to secure payment card data. Managed day-to-day operations and on-call emergencies of RedHat VPSes at Rackspace. Managed highly available MySQL server cluster.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2007-2009\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Senior System Engineer}; MPOWER Labs (Austin, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Racked, cabled, provisioned Solaris and Cisco hardware, PDUs, consoles. Brainstormed and solved cooling and ventilation issues in server suite. Hardened servers to CIS benchmarks. Ensured ongoing PCI-DSS compliance of all in-scope systems.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2006-2007\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Programmer}; Genares Worldwide Reservation Systems (Irving, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed real-time hotel reservation systems in Perl and Javascript, both front-end booking system and back-end reservation switch. Managed day-to-day operations and on-call emergencies of RedHat VPS at ThePlanet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2004-2006\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Foodie / Cheesemonger}; Central Market / H-E-B Grocery Co (Fort Worth, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Made cheese. Sold cheese. Suggested pairings and introduce customers to new products to maximize sales and customer satisfaction. Performed cooking demos. Trained other team members on chocolate: varieties, characteristics, tempering techniques. Provided customer recommendations across all departments and product lines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2003-2004\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Owner}; Michael W Peterson, Sole Proprietor (Austin, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed and tested WiFi access points to deploy city-wide pay-per-use WiFi service. Provided contract development and system administration expertise for contracted customers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 1995-2002\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Solutions Architect}; Prodigy Communications (Austin, Texas)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Helped grow dialup/DSL ISP, FlashNet Communications, from a few dozen customers to nearly 180,000 customers, through an IPO and subsequent acquisition by Prodigy Communications. Involved in all aspects of server management, integration, and development.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 1989-1995\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b BA, Religious Studies}; Alma College (Alma, Michigan)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Senior Thesis: Computer Applications in Archaeology: A Study in Hypermedia\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:michael@mwpeterson.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
michael@mwpeterson.com
}}}
 \u8226? +1 682 559-6893\line 1609 Sedgefield St Apt D - Durham NC 27705-3360\par}
}
